Add documentation translation workflows and configs (#574)
tarantool/cartridge-cli: doc/README.md

[![Crowdin](https://badges.crowdin.net/tarantool-cartridge-cli/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/tarantool-cartridge-cli)

# Tarantool Cartridge-cli documentation

> Is published to https://www.tarantool.io/en/doc/latest/book/cartridge/cartridge_cli/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Part of Tarantool documentation, published to https://www.tarantool.io/en/doc/latest/book/cartridge/cartridge_cli/
```

Author: fixed

### Create pot files from rst

> `python -m sphinx . doc/locale/en -c doc -b gettext`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
python -m sphinx . doc/locale/en -c doc -b gettext
```
```
